Updated landing page (#362)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/_index.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->

{{< blocks/landing color="primary" height="min" title="Welcome to the EGI Documentation!">}}
  <div>
    <p class="lead mt-3">
      <a href="https://www.egi.eu">EGI</a> is an international e-Infrastructure

>       that provides advanced computing and data analytics services for research

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     providing advanced computing and data analytics services for research
```

      and innovation. The EGI Federation offers a wide range of services for compute,
      storage, data and support.
    </p>
    <p class="lead mt-3">

>       This is the landing page for the user and provider documentation of the

Reviewer: I'm not really fond of the "landing page" mention, couldn't we just replace by "This is the user and provider documentation of the EGI services"?

Author: Replaced it with "starting"
